Adding Explanations to Spectrum Configuration (#1827)
tardis-sn/tardis: docs/io/configuration/components/spectrum.rst

.. jsonschema:: schemas/spectrum.yml

``start`` and ``end`` are given as values with units.  
``num`` specifies the number of bins used to build the spectrum and must be given as an integer. 

> TARDIS produces the spectrum in three different methods. For more information on these methods, visit the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TARDIS produces the spectrum via three different methods. For more information on these methods, visit the
```

pages below:
 
* real: :doc:`Basic Spectrum Generation <../../../physics/spectrum/basic>`
* virtual: :ref:`Virtual Packet Scheme <virtual_packets>`
* integrated: :ref:`Formal Integral Method <formal_integral>`

> The three methods can be specified when running the simulation (see the :doc:`quickstart guide <../../../quickstart/quickstart>` for an example of this).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The three methods can be specified when plotting the spectrum (see the :doc:`quickstart guide <../../../quickstart/quickstart>` for an example of this).
```

> * real: construct spectrum from the real packet population alone

Reviewer: I think we should link the new page on basic spectrum generation here.

Author: If by new page you mean [https://tardis-sn.github.io/tardis/physics/spectrum/basic.html](url), then I think under the virtual construction we should link the page on spectrum generation with virtual packets as well ( [https://tardis-sn.github.io/tardis/physics/spectrum/virtualpackets.html](url) ), unless this page is still under development?

* virtual: use the :ref:`virtual packet scheme <virtual_packets>` for spectral synthesis
* integrated: use the :ref:`formal integral method <formal_integral>` of Lucy 1999

> 

Reviewer: So this has nothing to do with the job you've done (which is great), and I wish I had noticed this prior. I don't believe that this info is up-to-date. @andrewfullard or @wkerzendorf can confirm, but I believe that the `method` argument does nothing. I tested this out and nothing changed (including in the hdf output). Currently, TARDIS can calculate all three types (as is described in the spectrum generation section of the docs). We just have extra settings that can be specified for the virtual and integrated methods.

Author: I did think it was weird that the method parameter was there when each method is called separately anyway. I presumed this served some function as setting a default method to be called. I will look into this

Author: For the time being, I will address this as a warning
